Even an impostor dares to call Uncle Yan
I am the fighting queen
Yan Ziqi's Queen Yan Family Daughter
Who are you?
Can pretend to be me
How dare you pretend to be Miss Yan?
It depends on what you wear.
I think you are impersonating Miss Yan
What a shit pit
Impersonating filial piety
Oh, dear.
Ouch.
It hurts to death you little bitch you little bitch
How dare you hit my brother?
Let's do it together
This little bitch's clothes
Give me light one by one
A bunch of incompetent people
It seems
It's time for me to clean up for my mom
Stop it all
Hey shut up
How dare the eldest lady bully?
Miss, you are really Miss
That can be fake
Miss, you are finally back home
I haven't seen Coach Liu for three years
Why did I come back?
Someone is pretending to be me?
Who told me to have the guts?
It was him who pretended to be a little bitch
I didn't take revenge
Miss, my name is Lin Wenli
To learn to fight
Coach Liu, let's fight
Have all the local buns started to be collected?
We are the leading fighting gym in Dragon City
Can you come?
You actually pretended to be the eldest lady
I see you don't want to mix it up.
People like this don't deserve to be with me
Drive him away
What a mouse shit that broke and burned me
Teacher Yan called me here
What's wrong with my mom?
Everyone stays here
Lin Wenli, even if Teacher Yan asked you to come
But you broke the rules of the international pavilion
Get out of here
Yeah fuck off
Just deceived us
Now is the time to let him crawl out
I'll say it again.
I never said I was Miss Yan
It's you who admit mistakes one by one and reverse black and white
Such an international pavilion
I shouldn't hide
Hey, just go
It's not that easy